Variables and Transformations:

features - 2 columns data frame which contains all 561 features. 
           The first column is the ID for each feature and 
           the second column is the name for each feature

activities - 2 columns data frame which contains the ID and name for all 6 activities. 
             The first column is the ID for each activity and 
             the second column is the name for each activity.

train_data - 561 columns data frame which contains all training data.
	     Each column corresponds to each feature, each row is one measurement.

train_subject - 1 column data frame which contains all training data subject. 
                Each row represents which subject that each row of train data belongs to.

train_activities - 1 column data frame which contains all training data activities. 
                   Each row represents which activity that each row of train data corresponds to.

test_data - 561 columns data frame which contains all test data.
	    Each column corresponds to each feature, each row is one measurement.

test_subject - 1 column data frame which contains all test data subject. 
               Each row represents which subject that each row of test data belongs to.

test_activities - 1 column data frame which contains all test data activities. 
                  Each row represents which activity that each row of test data corresponds to.

whole_data - 563 columns data frame which merges the training data and test data together.
             It appends two extra columns. One "subject" column contains which subject each row data belongs to.
             One activity column contains which activity each row data corresponds to. 
             Activity column use descriptive actitivities names rather than ID number.

mean_std_indx - The column indices corresponds to which data columns in the whole_data correspond to
                mean and standard deviation for each measurement.

mean_std_data - The data frame that contains only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.
                It appends one extra column "activity" containing which activity each row data corresponds to. 
                Activity column use descriptive actitivities names rather than ID number.

whole_activities - 2 columns data frame which contains IDs and names of the activities for all the measurements. 
                   The first column is the activity ID for each measurment and the second column is the 
                   activity name for each measurment. It is generated by the merge of train_activities and test_activities.

whole_subject - 1 column data frame which contains all subjects for whole_data. 
                Each row represents which subject that each row of data belongs to.
                It is generated by the merge of train_subject and test_subject.

mean_sub_act - A tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.It is generated by apply
               ColMeans on all the feature columns belonging to each subject and each activity.
